we're back
here we've got this
running let's check some experiments
real
got this one's going to be done today so
that's nice uh let's see if it's good oh
yeah look at that this is great we've
got the slow cost increase over
time little time step look at that
that's this is lower time steps than
before and cost we've got yeah this is
what set for batch size it's really
cranked many batches but that is
fine checked out some different learning
rates up here
it's got it pretty low
here got
Lambda that
looks that could be
reasonable and gamma gamma strikes me as
a little bit large for this environment
but it looks like it's going
down then we gra BPT Horizon here it is
fine One update Epoch very
good and it's kind of just made a ball
for the Paro front
but it is pushing cost up
now I think what happens with a lot of
these is um you know it's they kind of
get mostly
solved without going to high cost so you
just do this this could be a lot of
things
I'm not too worried about the fact that
there's so many off parito points here
because it could just be um no noisy M
evaluation
such and
such
okay so this one is
reasonable and then this one is so slow
oh my gosh
100 the only thing I wanted to see is
the Paro front here yeah so it's not
filling this in so we can actually see
this is a clear limitation of the
algorithm that it doesn't fill in the
parito
front so it's got all these points over
here
right but didn't bother to fill this in
so I think we will uh we'll let this run
the 100 and then uh we'll probably kill
this and launch something else in a
little
bit honestly we could just do that now
because I want to get to other
work so I think we'll just stop this one
[Music]
and I wonder if we just can launch
neural MMO 3 and see what it does on
that that would be really interesting
to
see I kind of want to just do
that yeah so we have
this well set
up 500 million men probably fine so I
mean this will be a
three experiments an hour yeah this one
will take a while
but we'll see where uh where it goes I
think that's kind of fine I would like
to have a a better eval and I don't need
this box for
today or other
stuff so here this has been I this is
fully solved right but look at it I'll
let it finish this run since it's a good
run and it's um um almost done
carbs to find I would like to actually
sit down and finish carbs within the
next couple of weeks I do have a little
vacation coming up which is unfortunate
for continuity here um but basically I
want have this whole carbs project
wrapped up within a couple you know two
to three consecutive
weeks so that I have it all fresh in my
head and I can really write a good post
about it and
uh yeah I can really you know do some I
can really make something cool out of
this is fine at the end here what it's
doing is it is um it's getting a really
good evaluation right now so it's going
to run until it gets 100 uh return
sample points and there you go see
evaluated for I think that's 3.4 million
steps
9977 and then we kill this and we uh we
launch our next thing so first
Epoch I had this training at 500k before
with the exact this exact contre
none of these other parameters should
uh should affect
it warning it's since 2 not
1 I didn't make any big changes to uh to
puffer as well and the Other M still run
fast
yeah so it is actually does run faster
here so there was a
regression I never do this what is it
get
BC um and then the other Branch or
whatever
today I learned something basic I should
have learned a decade
ago happens all the time
once get identifies the probab
problematic
commit well how the heck is it going to
commits oh does this just do like is
this literally just uh binary search
over
commits so I just check this
out
see and then you mark
it so we just do get
BC good
you don't need to manually check
out well then how do you do it cuz you
have to test it
right get BCT run oh I see is it like
this but it doesn't return success fail
status so I do have to do it manually if
I don't have this
right oh I see it just goes to the next
commit
I mean I have to go find this commit now
I
find this
commit is there a search on
here so it's
2187 I mean there shouldn't be that many
of
them so this is the first bad
commit thanks captain that was actually
very
useful um the more you know
this all
right start at
uh it's t-u there just the command is
really stupid for having to do
that what is it
it's B and then
yeah I really do not like team
locks very much at
all there's totally an include isn't
there
it's okay that's it I not get grap is
different I should just be using
grap okay the um
yeah so I forgot that I I removed this
parameter I replaced this with numb mini
batches to make it easier to
sweep does that even make it easier to
sweep why did I do this
that was stupid this literally doesn't
even make it easier
right yeah that was stupid this
literally doesn't even make it easier
you can still shoot yourself in the foot
with two large mini batches and do the
exact same bloody thing and it's less
obvious
this would be
32 I believe 768
well you have to pass mini bat size
instead
size you just flip them and you're
done so this was a bad uh a bad thing
now I know why I just
fine and then we just do numb mini
batches
do like this s. mini
bats where
this needs to
be
there we go right back around
500k and now
off make sure there's no garbage data in
here
death dude what the hell's going on here
um
ah I
see that's a little Annoying um
okay not
bad um
this is now
set got this to be going
well uh at what is this 5 minutes per
experiment 12 experiment so this will be
done in about four
hours we obviously we're going to need
to do stuff
before but I think that the main thing I
need to do is just to get the
environment running for Isaac gem
uh the main plan
today got some client work to
do we
are
integrating Isaac Jim with puffer lip
here oh and I have the chat covered here
my
bad my bad Captain I had the chat
covered
um width and height is so have I do this
with snake as well the cool thing with
see all your environments don't need to
be the same shape so you can have
multiple you can have training at the
same time different maps with different
numbers of Agents all sorts of different
things so you actually you can do a lot
of really cool curriculum work
cool so this was what I I did before so
I got this thingy
integrated but um the thing I don't like
here
go random question in Mobile why do you
have rows and columns mixed
up you have Rose's
in BFS it's rows and columns is
param d y and D
X because Y is rows and X is
columns right
rows is y yeah wait what are you talking
about rows is y columns is
X the row you're in is the Y the column
you're in is the
X
no no literally this is like standard
across everything I've ever seen seen an
AI I've literally never seen it do the
I've literally never seen anybody do it
the opposite way no it's not columns or
vertical so why the row you're in it's
like the it's like the y coordinate
you're at right the row you're in is the
Y the the column you're in is the X it's
not
backwards I think you've got it
backwards in your head actually
here have you never seen nump arays
index with r comma
C that's the Y followed by the
X columns are no it's have you never
seen like nump arrays index just like
row comma
X it's just that we use row because y
grows going
down no a lot of n well that's probably
one of the things confusing
you I I promise you that is the standard
like that is the standard notation
everyone uses for these
things all right you taught me
BCT I uh I cleared up that is like a
crazy break from convention there that
will confuse the heck out of you if you
try to do it backwards because all the
code you will ever read will do it the
other way
wrong so we've got this like random repo
here random Isaac JY
repo um and it's a really bad rep
actually I don't know if I can explain I
don't know if I can fully Express how
bad of a repo this
is so you see that there's this giant
wrapper here and this file 1600 lines
right
um but then there's also this vas
wrapper oops don't forget there two of
those vas so here's another 200
lines and then here's another 68 lines
and uh then there's also let's not
forget there's the theask
wrappers there's another 100
lines and then there's the base task
which is another 500 lines um so
basically there are like 10 different
repos that look like this that have been
created by like generations of PhD
students refusing to read each other's
code and just wrapping
stuff uh so what we're going to do is
we're going
to we're going to heal generational
trauma
today and just delete all these rappers
and go back to the base
environment that's what we're going to
do
[Music]
um message from
any of these had like particularly cool
parito fronts
all right we sell them on uh CPU
Integrations
Port GPU drive with a native
puffer that' be cool
okay so what we're going to be doing
today here I think we're just going to
start with this base task wrapper right
now we're using like three layers of
wrappers and we just want to
get we just want to get this
enabled I also don't know why it's
underscore C they don't torch isn't C
it's C++
that I think what we do is we
grab hold on
okay we can't use
that but I don't know if this is even
their code
originally I actually don't think that
this is even their code originally I
think they slapped the license on
something that's uh not their
code this is two years
ago
license yeah okay this is NV is the
original code in videos though like
everyone uses this
script to be fair we don't need this
exact code we just need to see what the
heck they're doing with the
um I mean this is going to be
like completely Rewritten
anyways I'm going to grab this for now
and this is going to end up getting
completely Rewritten
anyways
um yeah I think to grab 183 line and
wrapper we're totally
fine don't think anyone's going to ding
us on
yeah cuz we're not using so the domain
randomization is actually kind of
extensive but yeah this is a nothing
Burger I think we're good there
dude what the hell is wrong with this
thing
um I'm trying to code with one window
it's annoying
okay we'll uh we'll get this set
up and then I'm going to take a quick
break do a couple things
10 minutes or
so and then we will uh begin the
integration
[Music]
merge
conflix
fine good fixes all